hi guys this is lego maniac these are
all my clothes this is my first video
I'm kind of new to YouTube here's all my
clothes as you can see i do have a lot
of red guys clones over there I have to
rex's five foxes one Cody airborne
trooper a bunch of red dude green and
blue guy pilots over there spinning with
some gun right there and I'll probably
show you guys how to make that later but
um for now let's say machines I have I
had the old gunship u19 tour and I built
that today the colon fire tank turbo
tank to scott Walker's I have 30 but
one's broken a tte i have two of those
ones over there comfort though i have
two of those and some thai rats and a
speeder my customized spear I couldn't
make a video but I don't have the proper
equipment to make it hears all night
cool mandos my green guy with the
backpack I put on him pretty cool my
green other guy my boo troopers awesome
man um my red trooper i customized him
myself um pretty sick here's that
awesome gun awesome there's my airborne
trooper my best customers guy I have
probably my best guy have everyone
trooper really awesome and Cody one of
my other commanders Rex block
and my customized Fox guy one of his
Marines lon defects from the movie i
have that's why i got these guys they're
his Marines you said yet another date
here's another one where's my other
wrecks and my palate over there and yeah
all right now once we're done the clones
I bet you can guess what we're moving on
to now we are moving on to my droid once
your droid I've three so far tanks 23
midget spider walkers a stamp and three
spider walkers one two three mtk I'm
going and getting another one of us I'm
TT stout came a fan tutte blue stamp to
droid carriers to droid blue tanks and
what they're called and my droids over
here yeah there's my rebel stuff but I
don't beautiful um here's all my droids
to blue droids to read droids my custom
silver droid a lot of droid hell fire I
mean handgun droids I have a blue ones
pretty cool Kim's my old gunship my
custom commander droid awesome I have
the old new droid Dakar and the old
during the car i sent the old ones
cooler and here's my base about you guys
been wondering mrs. and I know you guys
have probably seen this base from
drummer boy I sometimes work with him
from them here's my over here my armory
has sick guns inside my um computer
rooms over here i have my custom door
control panel i made very cool hi paul
scanner
and the same way the guys pop up and
they talk to each other put that there i
just put back there to make it look cool
walls are pretty awesome all the way
around I bet you're wondering what this
is this is my custom gun pretty long
story how I made it um I am I was
watching a Style Wars Episode three you
know the cans from a giant space battle
thing and that's where I got this
Cameron but the chairs this part I made
by myself computers and stuff the chairs
the deck hands pretty sick my guns all
are over there yeah so oh yeah one more
awesome thing it probably pretty sick
all this armor can go on every one of my
clones look at all that armor and stunts
I'm gonna flip look at all that armor
all that armor goes on all those clones
right there all those clones right there
all those clones all the clothes that
you see what stormtroopers the guards
and now we're coming to the end of our
video so please rate comment and
subscribe and